Backtester: Live trading upgrades (#1023)
thrasher-corp/gocryptotrader: backtester/data/kline/live/README.md

This package will retrieve data for the backtester via continuous requests to live endpoints

## Important notice

> Its incredibly risky to enable `realOrders`. *Past performance is no guarantee of future results*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its incredibly risky to enable `real_orders`. *Past performance is no guarantee of future results*
```

To match config
